README.md, before:

### The following repositories
are intended to be a collection of certain topics, providing a playground to quickly and easily try out certain things. They can serve as a good initial or starting point to bring together fundamental pieces and create a complex application with .NET ecosystem.

> Find something you are passionate about and that helps you be a better engineer. [Blog post](https://dev.to/vintharas/how-to-come-up-with-great-side-projects-3kb).

[Playing with **RabbitMQ**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithRabbitMQ) - Try out RabbitMQ message broker. Publish messages and consuming in the background.

[Playing with **MediatR**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithMediatR) - Try out a CQRS like pattern with MediatR. Global error handling. In-memory EF. AutoMapper.

[Playing with **SignalR**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithSignalR) - Try out the SignalR back-end. Unit and Integration test. JWT Authentication.

[Playing with **GenericHost**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithGenericHost) - Try out the GenericHost / WorkerService and running as a Windows Service.

[Playing with **Authentication**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithAuthentication) - Try out different authentications.

[Playing with **HttpClientFactory**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithHttpClientFactory) - Try out the built-in HttpClientFactory in ASP.NET Core WebAPI, using Polly to retry.

[Playing with **Refit**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithRefit) - Try out the Refit, automatic type-safe REST library in ASP.NET Core WebAPI, using Polly to retry.

[Playing with **gRPC**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWith_gRPC) - Try out the .NET Core client and server gRPC framework.

[Playing with **Azure Container App**](https://github.com/19balazs86/AzureContainerApp) - Try out Azure Container App and service invocation using the Dapr.

[Playing with **Azure Functions**](https://github.com/19balazs86/AzureFunctions) - Try out Azure Functions and get a collection of useful links.

[Playing with **Azure Service Bus**](https://github.com/19balazs86/AzureServiceBus) - Try out Azure Service Bus and get a collection of useful links.

[Playing with **Azure CosmosDB**](https://github.com/19balazs86/AzureCosmosDB) - Try out Azure CosmosDB, CRUD operations, pagination.

[Playing with **Azure DevOps**](https://github.com/19balazs86/AzureDevOps) - Try out Azure DevOps Pipeline (YAML, ARM, PowerShell).

[Playing with **Azure AppInsights**](https://github.com/19balazs86/AzureAppInsights) - Try out Azure Application Insights.

[Playing with **Device offline detection**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithDeviceOfflineDetection) - Using durable entities to detect online/offline devices.

[Playing with **MongoDB**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithMongoDB) - Try out MongoDB, CRUD operations, pagination solution.

[Playing with **TestContainers**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithTestContainers) - Try out Testcontainers and Respawn in integration test using Alba TestHost.

[Playing with **TestHost**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithTestHost) - Try out the built-in TestServer to write integration tests bypassing the authentication.

[Playing with **Microsoft Orleans**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithOrleans) - Try out Microsoft Orleans as an Actor Model.

[Playing with **Saga pattern**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithSagaPattern) - Try out Saga pattern.

[Playing with **Hangfire**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithHangfire) - Try out Hangfire to perform background processing in .NET Core applications.

[Playing with **OpenTelemetry**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithOpenTelemetry) - Try out OpenTelemetry observability framework.

[Playing with **GraphQL**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithGraphQL) - Try out GraphQL for ASP.NET Core.

[Playing with **Rx.NET**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithRxDotNet) - Try out the observer design pattern with Rx.NET (Reactive Extension).

[Playing with **BenchmarkDotNet**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithBenchmarkDotNet) - Try out BenchmarkDotNet. Tips and tricks to write high-performance code.

[Playing with **Mountebank**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithMountebank) - Try out Mountebank, open source tool to provide on-demand defined HTTP server.

[Playing with **HealthChecks**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithHealthChecks) - Try out the new feature of HealthChecks in ASP.NET Core WebAPI.

[Playing with **Serilog**](https://github.com/19balazs86/Playing-with-Serilog) - Try out Serilog in ASP.NET Core WebAPI. Read configurations from Consul.

[Playing with **Ocelot**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithOcelot) - Try out Ocelot, an open-source .NET Core API Gateway.

[Playing with **Swagger**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithSwagger) - Try out the Swagger to generate documentation for Web APIs.

[Playing with **Metrics**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithMetrics) - Try out app-metrics with Prometheus.

[Playing with **Distributed Lock**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithDistributedLock) - Try out making distributed locks using Redis.

[Playing with **AggregateException**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithAggregateException) - Try out the AggregateException in asynchronous code.

Commit message:

Add new repository: Playing with Wolverine and Marten

README.md, after:

### The following repositories
are intended to be a collection of certain topics, providing a playground to quickly and easily try out certain things. They can serve as a good initial or starting point to bring together fundamental pieces and create a complex application with .NET ecosystem.

> Find something you are passionate about and that helps you be a better engineer. [Blog post](https://dev.to/vintharas/how-to-come-up-with-great-side-projects-3kb).

[Playing with **RabbitMQ**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithRabbitMQ) - Try out RabbitMQ message broker. Publish messages and consuming in the background.

[Playing with **Wolverine and Marten**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithWolverineMarten) - Try out Wolwerine and MartenDB.

[Playing with **MediatR**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithMediatR) - Try out a CQRS like pattern with MediatR. Global error handling. In-memory EF. AutoMapper.

[Playing with **SignalR**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithSignalR) - Try out the SignalR back-end. Unit and Integration test. JWT Authentication.

[Playing with **GenericHost**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithGenericHost) - Try out the GenericHost / WorkerService and running as a Windows Service.

[Playing with **Authentication**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithAuthentication) - Try out different authentications.

[Playing with **HttpClientFactory**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithHttpClientFactory) - Try out the built-in HttpClientFactory in ASP.NET Core WebAPI, using Polly to retry.

[Playing with **Refit**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithRefit) - Try out the Refit, automatic type-safe REST library in ASP.NET Core WebAPI, using Polly to retry.

[Playing with **gRPC**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWith_gRPC) - Try out the .NET Core client and server gRPC framework.

[Playing with **Azure Container App**](https://github.com/19balazs86/AzureContainerApp) - Try out Azure Container App and service invocation using the Dapr.

[Playing with **Azure Functions**](https://github.com/19balazs86/AzureFunctions) - Try out Azure Functions and get a collection of useful links.

[Playing with **Azure Service Bus**](https://github.com/19balazs86/AzureServiceBus) - Try out Azure Service Bus and get a collection of useful links.

[Playing with **Azure CosmosDB**](https://github.com/19balazs86/AzureCosmosDB) - Try out Azure CosmosDB, CRUD operations, pagination.

[Playing with **Azure DevOps**](https://github.com/19balazs86/AzureDevOps) - Try out Azure DevOps Pipeline (YAML, ARM, PowerShell).

[Playing with **Azure AppInsights**](https://github.com/19balazs86/AzureAppInsights) - Try out Azure Application Insights.

[Playing with **Device offline detection**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithDeviceOfflineDetection) - Using durable entities to detect online/offline devices.

[Playing with **MongoDB**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithMongoDB) - Try out MongoDB, CRUD operations, pagination solution.

[Playing with **TestContainers**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithTestContainers) - Try out Testcontainers and Respawn in integration test using Alba TestHost.

[Playing with **TestHost**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithTestHost) - Try out the built-in TestServer to write integration tests bypassing the authentication.

[Playing with **Microsoft Orleans**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithOrleans) - Try out Microsoft Orleans as an Actor Model.

[Playing with **Saga pattern**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithSagaPattern) - Try out Saga pattern.

[Playing with **Hangfire**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithHangfire) - Try out Hangfire to perform background processing in .NET Core applications.

[Playing with **OpenTelemetry**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithOpenTelemetry) - Try out OpenTelemetry observability framework.

[Playing with **GraphQL**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithGraphQL) - Try out GraphQL for ASP.NET Core.

[Playing with **Rx.NET**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithRxDotNet) - Try out the observer design pattern with Rx.NET (Reactive Extension).

[Playing with **BenchmarkDotNet**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithBenchmarkDotNet) - Try out BenchmarkDotNet. Tips and tricks to write high-performance code.

[Playing with **Mountebank**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithMountebank) - Try out Mountebank, open source tool to provide on-demand defined HTTP server.

[Playing with **HealthChecks**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithHealthChecks) - Try out the new feature of HealthChecks in ASP.NET Core WebAPI.

[Playing with **Serilog**](https://github.com/19balazs86/Playing-with-Serilog) - Try out Serilog in ASP.NET Core WebAPI. Read configurations from Consul.

[Playing with **Ocelot**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithOcelot) - Try out Ocelot, an open-source .NET Core API Gateway.

[Playing with **Swagger**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithSwagger) - Try out the Swagger to generate documentation for Web APIs.

[Playing with **Metrics**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithMetrics) - Try out app-metrics with Prometheus.

[Playing with **Distributed Lock**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithDistributedLock) - Try out making distributed locks using Redis.

[Playing with **AggregateException**](https://github.com/19balazs86/PlayingWithAggregateException) - Try out the AggregateException in asynchronous code.
